 Dear gaurav,

Thank you so much for all of your passion and dedication to Data Analysis. I know this has been a heavy week with data analysis assignment one and a quiz. I have been inspired by all of the really good questions on the message boards, the time the community TA's and other students are taking to help, and the helpful feedback on the course content/workload so far. I'm really looking forward to seeing all the amazing things you have done in your first data analysis assignment.

Several people have mentioned the compressed time frame and corresponding heavy workload this week on the message boards. This is very helpful feedback which I will use to adjust future quizzes/assignments. I know people have busy schedules and I do want to accomodate them to the maximum extent possible. One way I have tried to accomodate people's schedules is to move the assignment due date to Monday 18 Feb 2013 7:00 AM American Eastern Standard Time (Baltimore Time). Hopefully that gives you the full weekend to work on it. I also hope that you will take a look at the rubric and see that a lot of points can be scored by nicely organizing your analysis, answering the question with basic methods, and reporting measures of uncertainty you have learned so far.

Given the short length of the course, the challenging material, and the fact that many people are new to data analysis it is highly likely that the first data analysis will be difficult for some people. I therefore want to make sure that everyone gets a chance to perform a second data analysis later in the course once they have had more time to digest. Since the course is only 8 weeks long, to have multiple data analyses and allow time for peer evaluation, we can not push back the deadline for the assignment any further.

I hope that you will turn in the best data analysis possible by the deadline and that we can discuss the approaches people took to analysis on the boards so people can improve their knowledge. I also plan to respond to the feedback on the message boards by: (1) making the week 5 quiz shorter to allow people a week to recover before the second data analysis and (2) by making the quizzes during the second data analysis shorter in length/difficulty to allow more time for the second data analysis.

The new lectures/quiz will be posted on Sunday 17, Feb 2013 11:30 PM American Eastern Standard Time (Baltimore Time).
- Show quoted text -
